The players will be allowed to choose from a couple of pre-generated characthers
Tough they will only know their general descriptions, any specifics will be hidden until they get access to the PC. 

After which each one will be given the choice between a magic item. 
Where they will be able to choose between 
5 Items of each category will be picked in advance and when a Player chooses a category they will roll a die the higher the number the better the item. 
Power
Utility 
Healing 


----
The party finds themselves inside a tavern. They have recently hit on hard times, having spent their last rewrads on fancy booze, meal, gambling and partners of the night. 

On your travels looking for a job you find yourself in a village on the outer permimeters of of the country of Z-onia. 
The town is quite small mostly living off the trades it makes with the traders on their journey to capital. But the cost of 
living is cheap and many traders like to employ guards that are familiar with the lay of land to the capitals and the dangers that lie along it. 


You have posted an advert on the town bullitin board and are currently sitting at a table in the town midclass tavern, drinking cheap mead and stomaching the watered down slopp they serve. 
The town is populated by day drinkers and some of the commonfolk looking for a lunch. 
The tavern possess a distinct smell old basement tough the owners have tried to mask the stench using some fern sticks hanging around in somewhat orderly and well thought manner to cover most of the tavern. 
A small but comfy fire is a lit in the fireplace, and one of the two serving maids is currently in the process of cleaning of some slopp that had fallen on the floor. 
So far not even a nibble of someone willing to hire you and it has been couple of days since you posted it, and your are starting to get worried for what to do in 3 days when you will officially be broke. 

***
Requires a Map of the Tavern with name and population. 
- The map should also include the immidiate surrounding area in the event that the fight gets moved out of the tavern. 
- Try to pay attention to ensure there is misc. items and debris that can be used in the fight for both the PC's and Enemies. 
- Table that can be flipped for cover 
- Tableware, Stools, and random things to throw
- Chandelies to swing and cut down

Need to have the stats for Guz and Co. prepared and easy to reference 
Need to have stats for random bar patron
Need to have stats for city guards
***

- 
Give the scene for the player. 
Allow them to describe how each one of them envision their characthers and how they are handeling the bad times. 
Give them at most 5 min for the scene after which inteject with
-
Your attention is suddenly directed towards the front door as voice's are raised in supprise and irritation, as a Goat rams through the door causing some recently arrived bar patrons to splat down on their ass and knocking over a table. 
The goat seems to be in a state of panic gliding and running around almost looking for something. It makes a muffled baah sound as it seems to carefully carry a scroll of some kind in its mouth. 
It quickly seems to hone in on your table and runs up to it, nudging [MAGE] with its head trying and dropping the scroll on your table. 
The scroll seems to be a couple of years old, having been sun bleached and its edges have begun to tear apart from being dried out, it carries a wax seal portraying a shinning star.  
The goats seems to have done its best to not damage the scroll only leaving a small blotch of spittle and teeth marks. 

- 
The scene is given back to the Players asking them how to respond to the current situation, they have 5-10 min on giving their response and learning the secrets of the scroll before the sound of howling can be heards and loud footsteps approaching. 

A ARCANA (15) or HISTORY (20) check revealse that the insignia is the mark of a Master Transmuter by the name of Shinebright that lives somewhere in the surrounding area. 
Any proficient in ARCANA will imidietly recognise the Scroll as a Scroll of Speak with Animals. Using the scroll simply requires them to read the enchantation on it no roll required. 
Upon being used all people present will be able to speak with animals for 12h. 

The party might be called to explain the situation regarding the goat to the other patrons as the goats seems to have caused the ruckous running towards them. 
A simple Persusaion check (10) or a INTIMDATION (15) should cause the onlookers to calm down and give them some breathing room. 

If any of their passive perception is 15 or greater allow them to roll the next iniative with advantage. 
-
-
You suddenly hear ruckous from outside the tavern as some people shout for others to hide. Followed by howling from a multiple large dogs. 
After which through the front door three large wolfs burst through the door growling towards the closest bar patron signaling them to back off. 
This is imidietly followd by a large of brute of a half-orc burst through the door causing it snap of its hinges, he is in turn followed by a large individual in a cloak covering their head. 

The half-orc looks over the room and his attention seems to be focus in on your table. 
As he points towards you and say, that Goat belongs to master Nook return it now or else there will be problem. 

Ni hör ljudet av rädda personer utanför baren som verkar försöka ta skydd. 
"Oooo ve och fasa, de har lyckats spåra mig. Snälla ni måste . . . "
Och innan han hinner prata klart så med ett högljudt krass så flygger dörren till baren ut, och slits av sina gångjärn. Inn kommer 3 stora Vargar inrusande och morar och skäller mot de som är nära dörren. 
Efter dem kommer två humanoida varelser. 
Den ena med snorgrön hud, oljgit svart hår och med en uppenbar grisnäsa, ni känner igen det som en orch, iklädd en splint mail och nästan släpande efter sig i ena handen en stor War Axe. 
Och direkt efter han en person iklädd i en brun kappa med huvan nedragen för att gömma ansiktet, individen måste vara ca 2-2.5m hög bygg som ett kyllskåp, och varje fotsteg är så tungt att vätskan i era glas skakar till. 

Alla andra som är i baren dyker omedelbar för skydd, vissa dyker bakom bar disken, några välter sina bord och gömmer sig bakom dem. Och en person hoppar ut genom ett öppet fönster. 

Orchen (See Image https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Orc ) låter sin blick svepa över rummet och verkar fixeras i er riktning. 
Han lyfter sedan sin yxa i en pekande rörelse mot er och säger. 
"Fåret tillhör mäster Nook, ge mig det annars tar jag det."

De andra personerna i baren ber er att göra som han säger. 

**
Vi ändrar så att han använder en en Axe of cleaving istället för ett svärd för att vara mer on theme och stämma överens med bilden ifråga. 
**

Om det blir strid. 

Orchen tar sin strids yxa och börja springa mot er. 
Individen i kappan låter, kappan falla av sig, och ni ser en isbjörn som verkar ha gått på 2 ben faller ner till alla 4 och börja kuta mot er. 
Vargarna börja också röra sig mot er men springer längs med väggarna. 

** 
Vargarns kommer försöka springa iväg med Shinebright, samt anfalla backrow members av partyt. 
Med Guz och björnar siktar på medlemmarna som är närmast. 
**





- 
The Scene is then giving back to the player as Guz waits for their response. 

The players have 5 min to give a response that Guz would care to listen too before he sickes the wolfs on them. 

The wolfs a 3 Dire wolfs    
CR (1)*3
The hulking figure in cloak is a Polar Bear. 
CR (2)
With Guz being an Half-orc berserker with a Whirling Greatsword, a large Greatsword with a reach of 5ft that allows its user to attack two seperate targets within range with each attack. 
CR (2)
- Guz and Co. will act with human level intelligence, and as entities under the employ of a powerful wizard they know the power of a spellcaster represents and will do what they can to distrupt concentration and not allow them to gain significant distance. 
- I'm thinking that the wolfs and bear is somewhat capabel to use tools and if the PC begin to steamroll they might go about to start using tools and their environment to their advantage. 
- As Guz posses a Sword of Cleaving the add-on will try to enclose and group the PC's toghether allowing Guz to step in and hit multiple PC's at once. 



The player can either fight head-on attempt to sway some of the other patrons for assistance or hold out for 5 rounds after which city guards will begin appear assisting the player characthers. 
Or possibly flee the scene. 

Tough fleeing the scene will mean that Guz will be present for the final battle. 

-

After the Dust settles . . . 

The PC's will be allowed some time to rest e.g a Short Rest, if they do however Nook, will have learned that something went wrong with retriving Shinebright and will be on high alert. 

But as Shinebright tranformation will be truly permanent if he is not returned to his original form before midnight. 

-

If they fled the fight with GUZ they might encounter them again on their journey to Nook's tower. 

There is 1 Ape for each player
There is 1/2 bears for each player

If Nook sees an serven being close to death he will try to use the Wand of Polymorph to transform it into a new creature. 
However on 1/6 will imidietly kill the target, turning it into a pool of bio-mass
However on 2/6 will become a gibbering mouther 
However on 3/6 will become a new beast
- APE
- BEAR
- WOLF

Sim Salabim jag beodrar dig att bli ett djur

Change the name of the Wand to Wand of Transmutation

-































